{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 THE CRUSADERS by Bain-Ihrno\
Readme file\
\
Difficulty Rating: Very High\
Content Rating: R\
\
This is a very difficult scenario and will require some strategic thinking on the part of the player.\
\
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
The Plot: You are the town sage named Draconius in a town called Thorham, in a desert valley. Many of the residents, including the guards, practice a religion called the Servants of Good, but not you.\
\
It is said in the Servants of Good's text that one day, Evil itself will come down in human form and work to destroy the world. When this day comes, it is our moral duty to kill this man.\
\
Tonight, they have come to the conclusion that this man is you\'85.\
\
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Technical Notes:\
\
1. This is my first scenario created on a Mac, so the .meg file is provided this time, \
unlike my previous scenarios.\
\
2. You can write scrolls in this scenario. All you need is ink, parchment, and a quill,\
which can be found throughout the scenario. Some of the more powerful scrolls require certain gems to write. Don't attempt to write a scroll if your inventory is full, or you'll waste ingredients. There's no way around this.\
\
3. Like most of my previous scenarios, this scenario uses a pre-fabricated party. See the instructions if you need to create your character.\
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Tips:\
\
1. Forget what you have been told. You may find summoning useful in this scenario.\
\
2. Feel free to flee wandering monsters. They're only here to serve the plot.\
\
3. Whenever you strike down a Holy Chevalier, you'll get an item, some of which are needed to complete the scenario. KEEP AN INVENTORY SLOT OPEN AT ALL TIMES!\
\
4. Remember that using a scroll takes up 3 AP, and casting a spell takes up 4 AP.\
\
5 . You once managed to develop an infinite use scroll that cures dumbfounding. Use it if you ever get dumbfounded.\
\
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Credits:\
\
Beta Testers: Ice Lizard and Mistborn\
\
Graphics: DRK DRAXIS, Birdy, Andres Gonzales, Juliet Rowley, Tim Farland, Link, HYZ, Brett Bixler, Relhan\
\
Innovations: Scroll writing ability based on The Creator's alchemy abilities.\
\
Jeff Vogel, for writing the BoE Scenario Editor!\
\
You, for sticking with BoE long enough to see this scenario. Even if you think it's terrible, you are truly a BoE player if you are paying attention to the released scenarios these days. Congratulations!\
\
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
Contact:\
\
Email: sdduffy@iusb.edu\
AIM: BainIhrno\
\
You can also post on the Spiderweb forums  at www.spidweb.com.\
\
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Enjoy the game, \
\
Bain-Ihrno}