{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 HINTS / WALKTHROUGH\
\
Note: This is the most basic way through the scenario and doesn't tell where scroll locations are. See the end of the page for that.\
\
Chapter 1: Crusade\
\
You awaken to two Holy Knights that wanted to kill you in your sleep. Get the supplies in your dresser and fight the guards. Then go to your shop, to the north and collect the supplies there. Fight everyone you can, and make sure you slay the Chevalier (generally, if you strike down a Chevalier in a town, you'll get some sort of reward). Then you'll find that all exits to the valley are blocked. Enter Candace and fight your way through. The shop in the southwest corner has a master lockpick, which you need. Take it. Then find the mayor's office and search tturn to Thorham and use your lockpick to break into the Mayor's house. Inside, you'll find a key to the town treasury. Take it, and you will find the red orb in the treasury. The green orb is located in the northeast corner of Winbelles Vale, and pretty much just involves fighting a large combat with Servants of Good. Then return to the crypt. Fight the Wraiths inside, and make your way to the pit. Jump down it. Congratulations, you have successfully completed Chapter 1!\
\
 Chapter 2: Bishop Takes Pawn\
\
This chapter is pretty straightforward. Talk to Yeoman and he will invite you to join the community. Talk to people in Burgess to get some general information about Glasmir Vale, although most of it is unimportant if you're looking to complete the scenario quickly. Spend some time shopping here. Then rest in your bed and the Servants of Good will arrive. They will present themselves as a reasonable authority, and you will be thrown out of Burgess. Then fight the Servants of Good. Make your way to the northeast corner of the valley and enter the goblin cave. Talk to Karg, and then Lord Cilus, who will give you a mission that will help you defeat the Servants of Good. This is the end of Chapter 2.\
\
Chapter 3: The Summoning of Bozan-Tai\
\
To complete Chapter 3, you need to collect two demon statues. One is in Kutzin, and the other is in a recently set up establishment by the Servants of Good (their base for their search parties). They can be collected in either order, but for the purposes of this walkthrough, we will assume you go to Kutzin first. Enter the town, and fight your way to the southeast corner of town. You'll find a square of adobe wall. Cut the wall down, and you will find the remains of a demon statue. Fight your way out of Kutzin. Proceed to the Holy Establishment. There is lots of ink and parchment here (The Servants of Good are scrollwriters too), so collect some. Then go to the center building, and enter the treasure room. Collect the demon statue, and then return to the Goblin Cave. Speak to Lord Cilus. He will repair the broken statue, then will tell you to go to a cave in the southeast corner of the valley. Go there, fight the fire lizards, and go to the platform. Do as you're told, and Bozan-Tai will be summoned. After that, enjoy the show! You've\'85 won?\
\
SCROLL LOCATIONS:\
Fireball - Start\
Poison - Start\
Cure Disease - Start\
Heal - Thorham Temple\
Ice Bolt - Crypt (secret passage in last chamber)\
Shockstorm - Philip in Burgess\
Ice Storm - Philip in Burgess\
Major Heal - Holy Establishment, chamber where statue is\
Firestorm, Kill (note: you can only have one of these) - Hzzem in Goblin Cave}