{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f16\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f17\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f19\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f20\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f21\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \lang2057\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\ul\lang2057\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}}{\info{\author Rob Ashton}{\operator Rob Ashton}{\creatim\yr2000\mo11\dy1\min32}{\revtim\yr2000\mo11\dy1\hr1\min15}{\version2}{\edmins43}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords282}{\nofchars1608}{\*\company DSS}{\nofcharsws1974}{\vern89}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \lang2057\cgrid Rob Ashton (live North of Bristol in the UK)\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {\fs24 Tiddlyflop@aol.com\par Destiny\par \par Please let me know what you think.  This is my first scenario \endash  needless to say, my original plan was for a scenario which was was about three times bigger than the one I finally produced, but given more time...  \par \par If you liked it then tell me what you liked and why.  If you didn\rquote t like it then please tell me what you didn\rquote t like and why.  All comments welcomed \endash  if I don\rquote t know what people disliked then it\rquote s harder to improve. \par \par I\rquote d also be interested to know what level party you took through (how many characters), how long it took you, which (if any) of the combats you enjoyed.  My favourate is the familiar combat, it still makes me laugh.\par \par Anyway, I hope you enjoy(ed) Destiny\'85 Modeerf be with you.\par \par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\ul\lang2057\cgrid Destiny hints file\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {\fs24 \par Note: these clues tell you how to solve Destiny but if you just follow them then you will miss out on all of the flavour text.  This adventure is heavy on story and atmosphere (well, I think it is but then I\rquote m biased).  Speak to everyone and examine / search everywhere.\par \par To solve the Sea Hag: Searchthepottedplantinyourroomandthensearchthewallbehind.When indoubt,searchwalls.FindJohn,getinboat.\par \par To solve the castle: Godownthewell.Makesureyougetthebox.Innorthcourtyard,gotoSEcorner.Entertowerandgouptothelaboratory.LotsofimportantstuffinMagessecretrooms,gotostairsincorneroflab,don\rquote tclimbandthensearchthecorner.Mustreadeverybookshelfandeverydesk.Thengotothenorthcourtyard.SearchthewalltothenorthoftheKitchendoorsandtheKeepdoors.Justinsidesecretdooraresomestairs.Firstgoup,findLordHugh\rquote sbedroom,readtheexaminethebookcase(findouthowtousethePoB).Thengobackdownthestairsanddownagain,intocellar.Findsecretdoorandfollowyournose.Reachpool.DrinkPoB.Searchpoolwalls.Follownose.Whenfindvampiresthenusethebox.Shouldendupinroomwithtwopools.Ifyoucan\rquote tfigureitoutfromtherethenyou\rquote veprobablyprintedouttheseinstructions,followedthemtotheletterandlearntnothing.\par }}