{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset77 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9020\viewh10500\viewkind0
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Follow the instructions below if you need to make the premade party for Roots from scratch for some reason. The requirements for making him are fairly specific, so if the savefile that should have come with the scenario is working properly it's best to just use that.\
\
1. Create a new party. Delete all characters except one. Name him "Dirac". Give him the following traits:\
* Human\
* Cave Lore\
* Woodsman\
* Frail\
Give him the graphic of the man with a staff and purple cloak (fifth row, second column). This is not essential; you can use other graphics if you really prefer.\
\
2. Use the character editor to give him 5000 or so experience points, enough to make him level 50 (for combat balance reasons, Dirac should gain no levels during the scenario; his level also controls the effectiveness of his spells.)\
\
3. Go into a scenario -- any scenario -- and gain some experience, either by killing something or by a special node that gives XP. This is so that Dirac actually gains all those levels you gave him the XP for. You can use a special node to remove the skill points he gains as well, but that's just cosmetic so it's not important. Once he's level 50, leave the scenario.\
\
4. Give him the following statistics in the character editor:\
* Health: 50 (but if you ended up with an odd number of HP after gaining all those levels, having 49 or 51 HP shouldn't completely ruin the scenario for you)\
* Spell Points: 50\
* Strength: 11\
* Dexterity: 12\
* Intelligence: 15\
All other stats should be 0. Dirac will gain other stats within the scenario itself.\
\
5. Use the character editor to remove all mage and priest spells (yes, even level 1-3 spells) EXCEPT the following:\
* Light\
* Spark\
* Scare\
* Identify\
* Scry Monster\
* True Sight\
* Dumbfound\
* Dispel Fields\
* Fear\
* Resist Magic\
* Minor Heal\
* Location\
* Move Mountains\
* Disease\
\
6. Use the character editor to remove all items, and set both Gold and Food to 0. You now have an appropriate party for this scenario.}