{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset77 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9020\viewh10500\viewkind0
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 "Roots", version 1.1.1\
by Lucien "Thuryl" McMahon\
\
********\
\
Thank you for downloading my scenario, "Roots". This scenario is rated R for drug references and adult themes. If you let your 8-year-old niece play this scenario and she grows up to be a serial killer or a talk show host, I disclaim all responsibility.\
\
If you downloaded the Mac version of this scenario, you should have the following files:\
* roots.exs = the scenario file\
* roots.meg = the custom graphics file for this scenario\
* roothint.rtf = a hint file for this scenario\
* Dirac = the premade party file for this scenario\
* dirac.rtf = instructions for making the premade party, in case the party file you received was corrupted\
* roots.rtf = the file you're reading right now\
\
If you downloaded the Windows version of this scenario, you should have the following files:\
* roots.exs = the scenario file\
* roots.bmp = the custom graphics file for this scenario\
* roothint.rtf = a hint file for this scenario\
* dirac.sav = the premade party file for this scenario\
* dirac.rtf = instructions for making the premade party, in case the party file you received was corrupted\
* roots.rtf = the file you're reading right now\
\
It is absolutely essential that you play this scenario with the party file provided, or with one made exactly according to the instructions. Using any other party will ruin both the plot and the combat balance.\
\
Some advice on playing the scenario:\
\
* Time is a major driving force in this scenario. Some things can only be done before or after a certain amount of time has passed, or before or after certain events have occurred. The scenario as a whole has a time limit, so try to keep to a fairly tight schedule most of the time. In particular, try to talk to everyone as soon as possible. Whenever possible, consider moving around in combat mode to save time.\
\
* Search areas thoroughly, especially if you had to fight to reach them. There's a good chance you'll find something interesting, useful or both.\
\
* Combat is designed to be consistently difficult but possible for the party provided. Judicious use of alchemy is virtually essential, but you'll need to conserve resources carefully. Some battles are best considered as tactical puzzles with specific solutions; directly attacking your opponent isn't always the best option. Items you find may prove very useful, but not all can be used where and when you find them. You may be able to enlist the help of others, but doing so may involve serious repercussions. Please try not to use the character editor unless you absolutely can't win a fight any other way; I'd rather you used the character editor than failed to finish my scenario, though.\
\
* It's possible that you may find yourself with more items than you can carry, especially if you choose to use a certain piece of equipment. You can safely store excess items in your home if you need to.\
\
* Be sure to play with sounds turned on whenever possible. One puzzle relies on them, and several other sequences may run slightly strangely with sounds turned off.\
\
* Save often, and back up your save files. Given the tough combat and the time limit, it's quite possible to get yourself stuck in a position that's difficult or impossible to escape from.\
\
* I did some pretty fancy things with the noding in this scenario, so it's always possible that there are a few obscure bugs I didn't notice, couldn't reproduce, or couldn't fix. If something weird happens that breaks the game, just reload, wander around for a few steps, try whatever you did again and see if it still happens. Chances are it won't.\
\
* The premade party has had some of its level 1-3 spells removed with the Character Editor. Occasionally they come back during the scenario, for no apparent reason. This is a BoE issue and I don't think I can do anything about it. Please don't use any spells not listed as permitted in dirac.rtf.\
\
* There's no password on the scenario, so if you want to open it up and try to work out how I did various things you're welcome to do so. If you change anything, please don't distribute the modified version.\
\
CREDITS:\
\
Firstly, I'd like to thank my betatesters: Alexander Kyras, The Creator, Djur, Mad Mezzulah, Sarachim, Terror's Martyr and Whyte Shadow. Special thanks to Creator for his timely and detailed comments, and to Alexander Kyras for making the premade savefile of Dirac for Windows users.\
\
I'd also like to thank the BoE graphic artists whose work I used in this scenario:\
\
Luz Piazuelo\
Relhan\
Lt. Triest\
Jon Richards\
Tim Farland\
E-Master\
Milu\
StuJLaird\
Aceron\
Daniel Dewar\
Drakefyre\
Justifier\
Terror's Martyr\
\
Artists who contributed the largest numbers of graphics to this scenario are listed first; designers with equal numbers of graphics included in this scenario are listed in alphabetical order with respect to each other.\
\
I'd also like to thank you, the reader, for playing this scenario. I designed it for you.\
\
CONTACT INFORMATION:\
\
Feel free to send any questions, bug reports or other correspondence regarding this scenario to rmcm1839@bigpond.net.au -- I'm always glad to hear from people who have played my scenarios, and will try to reply as soon as possible.\
\
VERSION HISTORY:\
\
1.1.1: Fixed a couple of minor bugs and inconsistencies.\
\
1.1.0: Added an additional possible ending to the scenario.\
\
1.0.0: Initial release.}