{\rtf1\mac \deff48\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f8\fnil\fcharset77\fprq2 Times;}{\f48\fnil\fcharset77\fprq2 Palatino;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green204\blue255;\red0\green221\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue136;\red0\green153\blue153;\red0\green119\blue0;\red204\green0\blue204;\red136\green0\blue0;\red153\green153\blue0;\red119\green119\blue119;\red187\green187\blue187;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar \f48\cf1 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive\f8\fs20\cf1\lang1033  Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\version1}{\edmins3}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49231}}\facingp\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\aftnnar\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0 {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \widctlpar \f48\cf1 {\f8 Welcome to "The Fog" hint file.  This file is in rich text format, as I am sure you have deciphered in order to open it.  The questions you might have are in normal sized text (12pt), the answers in tiny text below (4pt).  Just highlight the answer you need and change the font size.  Thanks to Tarl Roger Kudrick for the suggestion on hint file format.\par \par What you will not find here is a walk through.  I have not included how to play nor what order you need to run through the scenario.  The scenario is rather fluid with many branches and paths to the end game.  There is no right path.  \par \par What you will find is a list of items you may wonder about as you play.  Hopefully you will find the answers to your questions here.  Be aware that each answer may contain at least one "spoiler" so look things up only if you are really stuck.\par \par On with the questions:\par \par What is the point/goal of the scenario?\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f8\fs8 \tab Assuming you have played for more than ~5 minutes, you know you are stuck in the valley.  So at minimum, the goal is to learn why and to figure out how to get out.  Think of it from your characters' point of view- they are trapped in a valley where they are slowly being drained of strength and energy, sure to die unless they figure out how to end the curse they seem to be under.  This will involve aligning with one or more of the different perspectives in the valley and doing what they tell you to.  As to whom....\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f8 How big is the scenario?\par }{\f8\fs8 \tab One outdoors area, 7 independent "towns", some with multiple levels.\par }{\f8 What towns/dungeons exist in the scenario?\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f8\fs8 \tab There are:  the starting path through the mountains, Rostofar (the town, in the center), the dank cave (western side of the valley), the bat cave (eastern side), the wolf den (northern side), the Tokal glen (along the river, SE of town), and Raven's castle (follow the path NW of town).  The key (required) places to visit during the course of the scenario are the first three and the last two.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f8 I am always poor!  Where can I find more $ or more experience?\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f8\fs8 \tab There are several side adventures where you can pick up cash and experience.  It is a good idea to hit all of them.  These include the bat cave, the wolf den, the bear cave (NE in the valley), and an encounter with fog spirits (in the woods in the N of the valley.)  \par \tab You can also find stashes of loot in the required dungeons.  There is a body with stuff in each floor of the dank cavern.  Also, the Tokal give nice rewards, indicating that they must have cash somewhere...\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f8 Who does what in Rostofar?  Here is a list of things you might be looking for and the characters who can supply those skills.  \par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f8\fs8 Note that some of them are only around for part of the time...\par \tab Innkeeper- Ralph.  Did you know you can get back all your hit points and spell points by resting in an inn with little time passing even if poisoned?\par \tab Sell items- Simon\par \tab Buy armor/weapons- Simon\par \tab Buy missile weapons- Otto.  He also has some special arrows.\par \tab Heal- Chanof.  But only late in the game.\par \tab Buy spells- no one, but you can find them about, and Richard will teach you some if you get him what he wants.  (Then ask him again about it later...)\par \tab Train- Richard\par \tab Buy food- Beatrice.  Stock up early...\par \tab Buy misc. items-  You are probably looking for light sources.  There are torches and such to be found in town for the taking, but only in the early parts of the game.  After that, it is moving in the dark or using light spells.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f8 What are the important things to do in Rostofar?\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f8\fs8 \tab That depends when.  Early on you will want to be sure to talk to as many people as possible, both to learn what they do and what they can offer as well as to pick up plot points.  In particular, key characters are Chanof, Mayor Birch, and Richard, though the others in town have important roles as well.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f8 What are the important things to do with the Tokal?\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f8\fs8 \tab The Tokal have two different jobs for you.  Do the "task" first, then the "mission".  You can start with the second one but the reward you will get for the first is quite helpful.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f8 What are the important things to do in the bat cave?\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f8\fs8 \tab There is lots of trash all over in the cave (bat guano, etc.)  Fungus likes dung.  Also, each pile is a container.  You can search them all, but there are a lot of bats who call the cave home, so beware...\par \tab More importantly, there is a secret chamber here as well.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f8 What are the important things to do in the wolf den?\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f8\fs8 \tab Aside from a location where you can build up experience, there is a decent source of loot here associated with a hidden side passage...\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f8 I'm stuck on Brutus' Riddle.\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f8\fs8 \tab First of all, the number must be between 0-150, so you can always guess.  But here is the answer in full.  Check out the April 1999 Scientific American.\par There are 150 coins.  Let us assume there are 2 brigands.  The leader would propose that he gets all 150.  They vote.  Half support him (which is >= 50%) and the motion passes.  he gets 150, the second guy gets nothing.\par If there are 3 brigands that won't work since the leader proposing 150 to himself would lose by a 2-1 vote.  He could propose that he get 149 and the second guy gets 1.  He would lose again since the first guy would vote against it (since he gets nothing) and the second guy would too (knowing that if the proposition lost the second guy would propose how to split it between the two remaining, and given the solution for 2 brigands he would then take all the gold.)  But, if the leader proposed 149 to himself and 1 to the third guy it would pass.  The third guy knows that the 1 gold is more than he would get if he turned down the idea.  (If he turned it down then the leader would get nothing and the solution would be that of the two brigands above.)  So for three, The leader gets 149, #2 gets 0, and #3 gets 1.\par For 4 brigands, using the same logic, #2 would vote against anything, because if the idea loses the solution goes to the 3 brigands above with #2 getting to propose.  Being smart, he knows how to propose so he gets 149 gold.  He will vote against anything less.  #3 votes for anything that gets him any gold, since the solution for 3 brigands would give him nothing.  #4 needs to get more than 1 gold to vote for.  But his vote isn't needed.  #1 can propose 149 for him, 1 for #3.  The motion passes 50-50.\par If you continue this logic you will find with 10 brigands the leader takes home 146 gold.}{\f8 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\f8 What are the important things to do in the dank cavern?\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f8\fs8 \tab The first is to get back out!\par }{\f8 Lower level-  }{\f8\fs8 If you are stuck here or puzzled, think about wading...  also, before leaving, did you find the body?\par }{\f8 Upper level-  }{\f8\fs8 There is a section of this cavern which is important to advance several plot points- the silver sword is here as are books for Richard.  The entrance to that area is off the slug cave. Those slugs are toned down so you can kill them.  With a couple of well placed walls of force (and a willingness to flee back down the hallway) you can even kill normal slugs given the dynamics of this cavern.  You might also find herbs in the muck...\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f8 Now that I made it to the castle, what does Raven want?  \par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f8 \tab }{\f8\fs8 He wants help finding Lucinda.  Pay attention to pictures...}{\f8 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\f8 Now I am back in the castle...\par \tab Speed is of the essence here.  Exploring is good but watch those hit/spell points go!\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f8 How many floors are there? }{\f8\fs8  Five, two each above and below the entry level.\par }{\f8 Where am I trying to go? }{\f8\fs8  Down.  But the castle is a bit of a maze, so it is not trivial to go directly...\par }{\f8 I seem to have hit an impassable door.  }{\f8\fs8 Parts of the castle will be inaccessible until you talk to Raven on the first floor down from the entry level.  This will be easier if you do it sooner.  There are two doors which are magically locked and may take more than one shot to open, depending on your level.  You do not need to go through them though.  There are also a number of doors which need to be triggered to open.}{\f8 \par The gates are closed.  }{\f8\fs8 This should only happen once you have gone in and left the first level.  Once you have reached this point you have no options but to get to the end game.  Try to do it as rapidly as possible, since you will be losing hit points and spell points along the way.}{\f8 \par I have run out of spell points.  }{\f8\fs8 The loss rate is about the same as the recovery rate, so not much hope there.  There are a few energy potions about.  Check the furniture.}{\f8 \par Who is important to talk to here?  }{\f8\fs8 Raven in the great hall, and the ghost of the butler on the second floor.  Both have good plot points.}{\f8 \par That battle was way too hard.  }{\f8\fs8 Could be.  It is possible to make it to the castle at a level below where you can take some of the monsters.  It is also possible to get overly worn down (loss of spell points or hit points) before the final battle.  Things to try include charming, hasting your chars, and/or slow group (you did get that from Richard, right?)  Other techniques may work as well.  And you do always have more than one back up, don't you?\par }{\f8 I killed Raven but I still can't get out.  }{\f8\fs8 Did you really kill him?  Better check...}{\f8 \par I found this room with a lever in the center, but I can't get to it.  }{\f8\fs8 Well, you need to.  Notice that you went through a door on one side.  If you go into some of the other crypts, other doors will appear for you to go through.  You need to go through each of them once, then one of them again in order to get to the lever.  There is a pattern to how the doors appear, and life will be easier if you can figure it out.}{\f8 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\f8 I finished and my characters live to play again.  So what really happened in that valley?\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f8\fs8 \tab Truth is elusive.  You can get plot points from Mayor Birch, Chanof, the Tokal Wizard, The Ghost Butler, the Knight's Tomb, and Raven himself.  As for what really happened... ?\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f8 \par \par }}