{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\uc1 \deff4\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\upr{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02000500000000000000}Times;}}{\*\ud{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02000500000000000000}Times;}}}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \f4\lang3081\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \f4\fs16\lang3081\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Body Text;}{\s16\widctlpar\adjustright \f4\fs8\lang3081\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text 2;}}{\info{\title HINTS}{\author Stephen Masel}{\operator Stephen Masel}{\creatim\yr2002\mo2\dy6\hr2\min15}{\revtim\yr2002\mo2\dy13\hr12\min1}{\version5}{\edmins6}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords351}{\nofchars2005}{\nofcharsws2462}{\vern99}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \f4\lang3081\cgrid {HINTS}{\fs8 \par }{\par There\rquote s a spoiler here for each one of the quests. The gnome one has been subdivided into five quests for each of the goblin boys. To access each hint, just highlight the text under the heading you wish to know more about and change the font size. This way you don\rquote t look at answers you don\rquote t want to know about. Clever, huh?\par \par SKULLSMASHER\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \f4\fs16\lang3081\cgrid {\fs8 Ask Mrs. Goblin about Skullsmasher and his cave will be revealed if you stand on the space directly outside it. It doesn\rquote t matter what you type for the first riddle and if you need to look at a hint file for the answer then Skullsmasher is brighter than you. There\rquote s an inbuilt cheat for the pool puzzle but it can be done by opening the gates, sending your remaining party members through then getting out of combat mode. Then just say \ldblquote sorry\rdblquote  to Skullsmasher.\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \f4\lang3081\cgrid {\par CEDRIC\par }{\fs8 Head up to the top of the Tower of Xtokobrokotok. Use move mountains on the second highest level after fleeing the quickfire at the very top and Cedric will rescue you.\par }{\par NIPPLETWEAKER\par }{\fs8 To get into the centre of the Dryad\rquote s Grove, look in the special items menu when you\rquote re in the town and you\rquote ll see that the lint can now be used. Stick it in your ears. Use \ldblquote Charm Foe\rdblquote  on Nippletweaker so you can talk to him and say \ldblquote sorry\rdblquote .\par }{\par COMMITMENTPHOBIC\par }{\fs8 Commitmentphobic is in the basilisk cave. To get there, you\rquote ll have to get past Kissan-Tel. You\rquote ll also need the destoning potion from the Party hermit. Just put it on Commitmentphobic\rquote s statue and then say \ldblquote sorry\rdblquote \par }{\par EYESLICE\par }{\fs8 After defeating the Dryad, search her tree. Take these leaves to the Party Hermit and then tell Eyeslice about the party. He\rquote ll go to the Hermit\rquote s shack and you can apologise to him there.\par }{\par RUBY EYE\par }{\fs8 Just put it on the statue at the top of the Tower of Xtokobrokotok. Getting away once you\rquote ve done it is the hard part. See the section under Cedric for how to do that.\par }{\par DRAGON HEAD\par }\pard\plain \s16\widctlpar\adjustright \f4\fs8\lang3081\cgrid {In the Dryad\rquote s Grove, stick the lint in your ears to get to the centre. There\rquote s a tree in there that has a cherry bomb. Now go to the Elders\rquote  privy north of their church in Narre Warren. Us e it on the dunny and Elder Younger should now be able to talk to you. Ask him about the dragon and if you have enough Mage Lore, he\rquote ll give you some glue. Go to the dragon\rquote s lair and stick the head back on with the glue.\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \f4\lang3081\cgrid {\par KISSAN-TEL\rquote S MUSIC PUZZLE\par }\pard\plain \s16\widctlpar\adjustright \f4\fs8\lang3081\cgrid {f you count the far left box in the north room as 1 and move through to the far right one as six, then the order in which you need to hit them is 3,5,5,5,1,5,5,5,3,2,1,4,6.\par }}